Adding Dart Tests (#13)
dwyl/learn-dart: README.md

- Class
- Method

## Dart Testing

> The software testing acts mainly in the quality assurance of the systems.</br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The purpose of automated software testing is quality assurance and system reliability.</br>
```

> It guarantees the user that he will not find any faults or bugs when using the application.

Reviewer: Sadly tests does _not_ "guarantee" that there are no faults or bugs.
It just guarantees that desired features exist and conform to the original specification.
Tests help _discover_ bugs and prevent regressions but if there are not _enough_ tests there can still be bugs.

```suggestion
It gives _assurance_ that the features built in the application conform to the original specification and acceptance criteria.
```

> Several tests can be done to test functionality, usability, performance or security.</br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Several tests can be created to test functionality, usability, performance or security.</br>
```

> All in the end will have the same goal to bring the user the best app.

Reviewer: This is covered above in the "purpose of testing". 👍 
```suggestion

```

## Types of Tests 

> There are several types of software tests, but of all the ones there are three that are most used when talking about Dart.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are several types of software tests.
```

> unit, component and end-to-end are the most used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Dart the most commonly used tests are unit, component and end-to-end; usually in that order. 
```

### Unit Tests

> Unit tests are used to test small parts of code, such as a function, a class, or even a change made to the layout.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unit tests are used to test small parts of code, such as a function, a class, or a change made to the layout.
```

> They are used more than other tests because they make it easier to build an application.

Reviewer: This is not the _reason_ why unit tests are more common. The reasoning is:
```suggestion
Every function must have at least one unit test. 
A function with multiple possible outcomes must have multiple tests; one for each case.
Each function should be responsible for doing one thing. 
If your function does multiple things or you use the word "and" 
when describing what a function does, 
that's usually a [bad sign](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Code_smell).
We use small single responsibility tested functions to assemble a larger application.
See: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Single_responsibility_principle 
```

### Component Tests

> Component tests are used to test several functions, or several tasks at the same time. It is used after the unit test is done.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Components are composed of several smaller functions once all the unit tests for those functions are passing.
Component tests test several functions or tasks assembled into a feature at the same time as a whole.
```

### End-To-End Tests

> The end-to-end tests are used to test entire applications or most of them on real devices, or a browser.

Reviewer: 👍

## Useful libraries in Dart

There are also some libraries that can be useful when talking about Dart:

> ``package:test``

Reviewer: Please _update_ this code snippet to use **three back tick** characters and the **`dart` keyword**.

Reviewer: Still two back ticks ... 💭

It helps us to have a perception of how we have to put the code, it serves to test small codes or big codes. 

> ``package:mockito``

Reviewer: @miguelmartins17 tip: either use 3 backtick characters or just one.

Author: @nelsonic Thanks for the tip!

Reviewer: Please _update_ it in _this_ PR. thanks. 👍

Author: Sure. 👍

> It helps us to create objects separately and checks that this object has no errors after being put together with others.

Reviewer: A mocking library does not "check that the object has no errors" ... in fact it can _hide_ errors if not used carefully.
Please read: https://pub.dev/packages/mockito
```suggestion
[Mockito](https://pub.dev/packages/mockito) is a mocking library that helps us to mock functionality where we don't want to perform a specific action. We try to _avoid_ using mocks as much as possible because they can inadvertently make our tests more complex with limited benefit. 
```
We try to _avoid_ using Mocks in our code because they create a ***`false`*** sense that our functions are "tested" when they aren't.
